readme.md, before:

# Paper of the source codes released:  
Tian Bian, Xi Xiao, Tingyang Xu, Peilin Zhao, Wenbing Huang, Yu Rong, Junzhou Huang. Rumor Detectionon Social Media with Bi-Directional Graph Convolutional Networks. AAAI 2020.


#READ: HOW TO ACTUALLY INSTALL
It will fast track your process for reimplementing this/ running this.

It acts to LOAD PHEME data in a (seemingly) correct (from what i can tell) way for you to get bigcn results.

SHOULD NOT VARY TOO MUCH. (hopefully. I mean i wrote down the link for where to get torch scatter,sparse and cluster too...) 

# Datasets:  
The datasets used in the experiments were based on the three publicly available Weibo and Twitter datasets released by Ma et al. (2016) and Ma et al. (2017):

Jing Ma, Wei Gao, Prasenjit Mitra, Sejeong Kwon, Bernard J Jansen, Kam-Fai Wong, and Meeyoung Cha. Detecting rumors from microblogs with recurrent neural networks. In Proceedings of IJCAI 2016.

Jing Ma, Wei Gao, Kam-Fai Wong. Detect Rumors in Microblog Posts Using Propagation Structure via Kernel Learning. ACL 2017.

In the 'data' folder we provide the pre-processed data files used for our experiments. The raw datasets can be respectively downloaded from https://www.dropbox.com/s/46r50ctrfa0ur1o/rumdect.zip?dl=0. and https://www.dropbox.com/s/7ewzdrbelpmrnxu/rumdetect2017.zip?dl=0.

The Weibo datafile 'weibotree.txt' is in a tab-sepreted column format, where each row corresponds to a weibo. Consecutive columns correspond to the following pieces of information:  
1: root-id -- an unique identifier describing the tree (weiboid of the root);  
2: index-of-parent-weibo -- an index number of the parent weibo for the current weibo;  
3: index-of-the-current-weibo -- an index number of the current weibo;  
4: list-of-index-and-counts -- the rest of the line contains space separated index-count pairs, where a index-count pair is in format of "index:count", E.g., "index1:count1 index2:count2" (extracted from the "text" field in the json format from Weibo raw datasets)  

For a detailed description of Twitter datafile 'data.TD_RvNN.vol_5000.txt' can be seen at [RvNN](https://github.com/majingCUHK/Rumor_RvNN).

# Dependencies:  
python==3.5.2  
numpy==1.18.1  
torch==1.4.0  
torch_scatter==1.4.0  
torch_sparse==0.4.3  
torch_cluster==1.4.5  
torch_geometric==1.3.2  
tqdm==4.40.0  
joblib==0.14.1  

Make sure that cuda/bin, cuda/include and cuda/lib64 are in your $PATH, $CPATH and $LD_LIBRARY_PATH respectively before the installation, e.g.:
```
$ echo $PATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/bin:...

$ echo $CPATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/include:...
```
and
```
$ echo $LD_LIBRARY_PATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/lib64
```
on Linux or
```
$ echo $DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/lib
```
on macOS. 

# Reproduce the experimental results:  
Run script 
```
$ sh main.sh
```
and choose "model/Weibo/BiGCN_Weibo.py" for BiGCN model on Weibo dataset or "model/Twitter/BiGCN_Twitter.py" on Twitter15/Twitter16 dataset.  

In "main.sh", two arguments need to be specified, representing the datasetname and iteration times respectively. E.g., 
```
python ./model/Twitter/BiGCN_Twitter.py Twitter15 100
```
will reproduce the average experimental results of 100 iterations of BiGCN model on Twitter15 dataset with 5-fold cross-validation.  

If you find this code useful, please let us know and cite our paper.  
If you have any question, please contact Tian at: bt18 at mails dot tsinghua dot edu dot cn.

Commit message:

update readme somewhat with a note

readme.md, after:

# Important Note:
Keep in mind the original code reports results via batch wise averaged results for F1. <br>
The results are hence inaccurate as compared to overall results.<br>

# Paper of the source codes released:  
Tian Bian, Xi Xiao, Tingyang Xu, Peilin Zhao, Wenbing Huang, Yu Rong, Junzhou Huang. Rumor Detectionon Social Media with Bi-Directional Graph Convolutional Networks. AAAI 2020.


#READ: HOW TO ACTUALLY INSTALL
It will fast track your process for reimplementing this/ running this.

It acts to LOAD PHEME data in a (seemingly) correct (from what i can tell) way for you to get bigcn results.

SHOULD NOT VARY TOO MUCH. (hopefully. I mean i wrote down the link for where to get torch scatter,sparse and cluster too...) 

# Datasets:  
The datasets used in the experiments were based on the three publicly available Weibo and Twitter datasets released by Ma et al. (2016) and Ma et al. (2017):

Jing Ma, Wei Gao, Prasenjit Mitra, Sejeong Kwon, Bernard J Jansen, Kam-Fai Wong, and Meeyoung Cha. Detecting rumors from microblogs with recurrent neural networks. In Proceedings of IJCAI 2016.

Jing Ma, Wei Gao, Kam-Fai Wong. Detect Rumors in Microblog Posts Using Propagation Structure via Kernel Learning. ACL 2017.

In the 'data' folder we provide the pre-processed data files used for our experiments. The raw datasets can be respectively downloaded from https://www.dropbox.com/s/46r50ctrfa0ur1o/rumdect.zip?dl=0. and https://www.dropbox.com/s/7ewzdrbelpmrnxu/rumdetect2017.zip?dl=0.

The Weibo datafile 'weibotree.txt' is in a tab-sepreted column format, where each row corresponds to a weibo. Consecutive columns correspond to the following pieces of information:  
1: root-id -- an unique identifier describing the tree (weiboid of the root);  
2: index-of-parent-weibo -- an index number of the parent weibo for the current weibo;  
3: index-of-the-current-weibo -- an index number of the current weibo;  
4: list-of-index-and-counts -- the rest of the line contains space separated index-count pairs, where a index-count pair is in format of "index:count", E.g., "index1:count1 index2:count2" (extracted from the "text" field in the json format from Weibo raw datasets)  

For a detailed description of Twitter datafile 'data.TD_RvNN.vol_5000.txt' can be seen at [RvNN](https://github.com/majingCUHK/Rumor_RvNN).

# Dependencies:  
python==3.5.2  
numpy==1.18.1  
torch==1.4.0  
torch_scatter==1.4.0  
torch_sparse==0.4.3  
torch_cluster==1.4.5  
torch_geometric==1.3.2  
tqdm==4.40.0  
joblib==0.14.1  

Make sure that cuda/bin, cuda/include and cuda/lib64 are in your $PATH, $CPATH and $LD_LIBRARY_PATH respectively before the installation, e.g.:
```
$ echo $PATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/bin:...

$ echo $CPATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/include:...
```
and
```
$ echo $LD_LIBRARY_PATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/lib64
```
on Linux or
```
$ echo $DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH
>>> /usr/local/cuda/lib
```
on macOS. 

# Reproduce the experimental results:  
Run script 
```
$ sh main.sh
```
and choose "model/Weibo/BiGCN_Weibo.py" for BiGCN model on Weibo dataset or "model/Twitter/BiGCN_Twitter.py" on Twitter15/Twitter16 dataset.  

In "main.sh", two arguments need to be specified, representing the datasetname and iteration times respectively. E.g., 
```
python ./model/Twitter/BiGCN_Twitter.py Twitter15 100
```
will reproduce the average experimental results of 100 iterations of BiGCN model on Twitter15 dataset with 5-fold cross-validation.  

If you find this code useful, please let us know and cite our paper.  
If you have any question, please contact Tian at: bt18 at mails dot tsinghua dot edu dot cn.
